You want to divorce me for him?
gorgeous
Don't you know the difference between the two of us?
distance
Do you still think love can overcome everything?
Wake up, Yanyan
You know the whole Yunzhou
Did you see my joke?
My man is an internet scumbag
I'm a beggar who can't pick up trash
If you really love me
Just bless me, you bless me
I work hard to pay you a sky-high bride price
Do I have a complaint?
Earn 50 million for your Wang family
How did you repay me?
I almost got killed by your brother
Killed in a rental house
How do you want me to bless you you fart
I say leaf rock
You dare to bared your teeth at Truman now, right?
Ah, you're the one I hit
Why are you biting me?
I didn't recruit a humiliating online beggar
I really don't know how our Wang family treated you bastard
recruit
That is.
If you really have 50 million, as for the dowry, you owe it to now
As for Lai in my Wang family's house
Useless
And throw dirty water on my baby boy
He is my own son
You're a loser with a bare butt
Beggars have to go online
I also want to implicate my Wang family to follow you around
I can't count on you to laugh at me too
Better to count on Liu Shao
After all, Liu Shao is the real Yunfeng among the people
Liu Shao, my Wang family is counting on you this time
Oh, I'll stay in Yunzhou's wealthy family to pick up the cup.
Funding is not a problem
But only if
I'm going to tell you on my knees